Add CHECK_CREDIT_CARD env variable in order to bypass payment describe (#1020)
confluentinc/examples: ccloud/docs/ccloud-stack.rst

      ccloud::destroy_ccloud_stack $SERVICE_ACCOUNT_ID

> Pay As You Go Restrictions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running with Marketplace
```

---------------------------

> By default, ``ccloud-stack`` check your payment method and verify if there is a credit card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, ``ccloud-stack`` checks your payment method to verify that there is a credit card on file.
```

> However, when you subscribe to pay as you go on Azure, GCP or AWS, your payment method is directly linked to your cloud provider and not necessarily with a credit card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, when using |ccloud| on a cloud provider's Marketplace for a self-serve Pay-as-you-go account on Azure, GCP or AWS, your payment method is directly linked to your cloud provider and not necessarily with a credit card. 
In these cases, therefore, ``ccloud-stack`` will fail, and you need a workaround.
```

> #. Create the ``ccloud-stack`` and override the parameters ``CHECK_CREDIT_CARD``, as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a new stack, set the parameter ``CHECK_CREDIT_CARD=false``, as shown in the example:
```

      ccloud::destroy_ccloud_stack $SERVICE_ACCOUNT_ID

Running with Marketplace

> ---------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
------------------------
```

By default, ``ccloud-stack`` checks your payment method to verify that there is a credit card on file.
However, when using |ccloud| on a cloud provider's Marketplace for a self-serve Pay-as-you-go account on Azure, GCP or AWS, your payment method is directly linked to your cloud provider and not necessarily with a credit card. 
In these cases, therefore, ``ccloud-stack`` will fail, and you need a workaround.

When you create a new stack, set the parameter ``CHECK_CREDIT_CARD=false``, as shown in the example:

>    .. code-block:: bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: bash
```

Reviewer: For alignment

>       CHECK_CREDIT_CARD=false ./ccloud_stack_create.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   CHECK_CREDIT_CARD=false ./ccloud_stack_create.sh
```
